Add warning about google-cloud-platform-core dependency change in #24235 (#24295)
apache/beam: CHANGES.md

* `ParquetIO.withSplit` was removed since splittable reading has been the default behavior since 2.35.0. The effect of
  this change is to drop support for non-splittable reading (Java)([#23832](https://github.com/apache/beam/issues/23832)).
* `beam-sdks-java-extensions-google-cloud-platform-core` is no longer a

>   dependency of the Beam Portable SDK Harness. Some users of the portable runner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  dependency of the Java SDK Harness. Some users of a portable runner
```

Author: Done

>   may have an undeclared dependency on this package, for example using gcs with
>   TextIO, and will now need to declare the dependency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  may have an undeclared dependency on this package (for example using GCS with
  TextIO) and will now need to declare the dependency.
```

Author: Done.
